Quit Application on any `RenderError`s by default (#24131)
bevyengine/bevy: _release-content/release-notes/render-recovery.md

---
title: "Render Recovery"
authors: ["@atlv24"]

> pull_requests: [22761, 23350, 23349, 23433, 23458, 23444, 23459, 23461, 23463, 22714, 22759, 16481, 24131]

Reviewer: I'm working on revising the release notes right now, and have pre-emptively included this PR. Please just accept those changes when resolving conflicts.

NOTE: this is just an example showing the different errors and policies available, and not a recommendation for how to handle errors.

> The default error handler will quit the application on any RenderError.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default error handler does not attempt recovery, currently. It behaves similarly to how Bevy behaved before, except the application will exit instead of panicking on any `RenderError`.
```
